hello today i will talk to you
of the watch me to assets so I you
present her this little watch so
a sport mode that does not allow you to
connect in bluetooth to your smartphone
but who will allow the blow to have
a world connected to its performance
what can we say so life
active
we will try to make a tour of
features there are a lot
first of all buttons presentation here
on the side two buttons here and there the
sinews of war
a small sensor that allow you
to have your rhythm directly
heart rate 98 and bedtime at 45% of my
maximum heart rate so for those
who run and who are used to
run
this is obviously the main objective
to have a watch like that it 's
power permanently when one is in
running to have the rhythm
cardiac the second main
functionality
that's when there is a pedometer
to integrate so you can tell you
how long will you run the
distance the speed even though
actually as it is on a
pedometer and a gps and
we are going a little less reliability but
so we really have a shadow that
lets run to have those calories at
day to day and they are in number
not every day so it's very very
effective for monitoring its activity
the features so there I have
example the number of calories expended
today we can also manage by
example here if I'm trying to
eat I'll be able to indicate in the
shows that I ate for 300 calories
there is a small application that is
provided via qr code is right here and who
will allow the shot to calculate and
to have in the day the number of
calories in brain balance is what
you are in the day there the number
of kilometers walking and the time of
walk the caps the number of steps per
day where for example that of this
week the tear so to little sounded it
there is only one configurable weapon but
can ring every morning or a moment
given of the day and of course the
race management with different
types of races so there for example top
we will put ourselves in race mode
so that's to make two types of
shopping it's going to ring for a minute
then for a minute so to do
Fractional is perfect we also
the timer pushed the little arrow that
so decides the little timer for decree
lie or for incremental here is there
different racing modes that are all
made for everyone well prepared for
stroke
runners those who train this
who founded the march for training
or for the competition for once
have had to see his performances
we also have here the different modes of
race that will adjust the pace
cardiac
so to say that there if I'm in
fitness of the blow to the minimum it would take
that I'm 135 a maximum at 154 for
to be in the range that correspond to the
fitness if I want to burn some
fat it will be another etc etc we have
all modes that are pre-recorded
and suddenly the second mode I'm going to m
Europe
so here I will be lower and here and there
I just have to press start and
it's gone on the calculation of the peso call
up and here we go for a
workout so she works very very
well there is a little bit of retro
lighting that we are not good at
the up display is always in a few
moments to have my heartbeat that
it's really the top
and suddenly I can only advise
it's really a beautiful watch the
bracelet is a bit small but suddenly
it does not really go too big
world when we run the hay gets annoyed
because actually at home and
that I am below but 135
so that's a very interesting long
active lamilhau found on the
blue point watch